updated contributing with develop branch use (#809)
newrelic/developer-website: CONTRIBUTING.md

6. If/when your `PR` is accepted, the automation in this project will build the site and deploy a new version of the code to `developer.newrelic.com`.
7. And you are done!

> ### Using the Develop branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the `develop` branch
```

> Use the `Develop` branch when creating your working branch locally. `Develop` will always contain the most
> current source code. The `Develop` branch will be merged into the `Main` branch automatically.
> 
> All `Pull Requests` should be made to the `Develop` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `develop` branch when creating your working branch locally. `develop` will always contain the most
current source code. The `develop` branch will be merged into the `main` branch by the maintainers when a new release is ready to ship.

All pull requests should be made against the `develop` branch.
```
